DOCSP-46048 First-Round Edits: Backups Page (#66)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/backups.txt

timestamp before a failure event, giving you at least a one minute
:abbr:`RPO (Recovery Point Objective)` and an :abbr:`RTO (Recovery Time
Objective)` of less than 15 minutes when utilizing optimized restores,
even in the event of the outage of the primary region. This is because
the snapshot can be restored first and then the oplog played back to get
to your exact RPO objective. Recovery times can vary due to cloud
provider disk warming and which point in time you are restoring to. If
you can be flexible in your requirements for recovery, we recommend
designing templates that identify the sweet spot between reasonable
recovery options and cost.  

Recommendations for Backup Costs 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To optimize |service| backup costs, you must adjust the backup frequency 
and retention policies to align with data criticality, reducing
unnecessary storage expenses. For example, you should disable backups in
lower environments, and ensure that in upper environments with high
availability requirements you are distributing backups to each region

> where you are deployed. |service| provides incremental backups through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where your |service| {+clusters+} are deployed. |service| provides incremental backups through
```
